IvyNPC MiniWiki

Gifting:

LOVE: Banana Pudding, Blackberry Cobbler, Strange Doll.
LIKE: All Milks, Bug Steak, Joja Cola, Cloth.
NEUTRAL: 
DISLIKE: Blobfish.
HATE: Tomato, Chocolate Cake, Triple Shot Espresso, Coffee.
All Universals.

Schedule:
note: when ''Railroad'' is mentioned its actually the top of the mountains so that the NPC is available before the railroad is unlocked!

All Fridays: (overwrites seasonal schedule)
6AM Leaves the railroad to lean on the right side of the saloon.
1PM Enters the saloon and sits ontop of the jukebox.

Spring:
6AM Leaves from the railroad to go to the cliff edge in the forest below mastery cave.
2PM Goes to pierres store and shops.
5:30PM Goes back to the Forest and stands on the southern bridge.
1:30AM Heads back to the railroad.

Summer:
6AM Leaves from the railroad to stand east of the bus stop.
1PM Goes to the museum.
6PM Looks off the cliff south of the museum.
1:30AM Heads back to the railroad.

Fall:
6AM Leaves from the railroad at 6am to go to the left side of the hospital.
12:30PM Goes south of Alex's dog pen.
7PM Watches over the river south of Jodi & Sams house.
1:30AM Heads back to the railroad.

Winter:
6AM Leaves the railroad to go play on sebastians PC.
1:30AM Heads back to the railroad.

Heart Events:
2 <3: Enter the Saloon on a friday between 5pm-9pm.
BEST ENDING SPOILERS: Attempting to fix the jukebox will have a better ending.

4 <3: Enter Sebastians Room between 7am-1am. (Not on fridays)
BEST ENDING SPOILERS: Do NOT say ''I think its dumb, not for me personally.''

8 <3: Enter the Forest between 8pm-9pm. (Not on fridays)
BEST ENDING SPOILERS: Do NOT say ''Maybe you just need some time?''

10 <3: Enter the town on a rainy day between 12am-2am. (Not in winter)
S̸̮̿p̷̳̑o̷̅ͅỉ̶͉ḽ̴͋ȇ̵͙r̵̆͜s̵̺̈́: ???

Movie Theater:
Refer to https://stardewvalleywiki.com/Abigail#Movies_.26_Concessions


#Known Bugs
-Ivy stays outside in the acid rain despite talking about how she wont go outside in it.

#Notes
-Ivy can not be found at events.
-Ivy CAN attend the movie theater but has no dialogue.
